---
title: "Sonic x Reader"
categories:
  - stories
tags:
  - sonic
  - fanfic
---

Sonic pressed the knife lightly against your left testicle and said, "Now do I have your attention?" You yawned and
said, "Yes, yes, what is it now..." He said, "I'm gonna cut off your fucking balls." You said, "Yes, I gathered
that, but what's the subtext here? You don't really want to cut off my balls, you want me to do something. Why don't
you tell me what you want me to do?" He said, "I want you to know what I want you to do." As he said this you
slipped away and quickly opened the lower drawer of the end table and pulled out the revolver. You cocked and aimed
it and said, "Is this it? Is this what you want me to do? You want me to shoot you in your fucking ass? Turn around,
I'm gonna shoot you in your fucking ass!" "That gun's not loaded, fuck-face, " he said. "I took the bullets out of
it last night." "Oh yeah?" You said. "I reloaded it this morning." And to prove your point, you shot the television.
"You stupid fuck!" He said. "The season premiere of ER is on in five minutes! George Clooney! George Clooney!
Must-see TV!" "Oh, honey, " You said. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, come on, we'll watch it in the living room." "Forget
it, " He said. "I'm not in the mood. Maybe tomorrow." Maybe tomorrow, indeed, for aren't we all prisoners of time?
Isn't everything we do done with one eye on the clock? "Shut up, " he said. "Who asked you anyway? Honey let's sell
this house, it's too big. Let's sell this house and buy a trailer, put the leftover money in mutual funds, and live
off of the dividends for the rest of our lives." "Sugar pie, " You said. "That really ticks me off. One minute you
want to cut my balls off, then when I'm all up and ready, you want to do something different. 'Live in a trailer'
Maybe I should shoot you in the ass. 'You're not in the mood, you're not in the mood' Well maybe I'm in the mood.
Maybe I'm really in the mood. Maybe I'll just mosey on down to Shadow's trailer and shoot HIM in the ass. Have him
cut off a testicle or two. How does that tickle you?" He sat silently for almost thirty seconds and then said, "We
don't live in a trailer park, stupid, you can't 'mosey on down to Shadow's trailer' because the nearest trailer park
is two hours on the interstate." He was right, of course. The nearest trailer park was over a hundred miles away on
I-9- "I JUST SAID THAT!" He said. "Just shut the fuck up, and let me think for a minute." Who are you talking to? I
asked. "Shut up, " He said. "You're driving me fucking nuts." "Honey, " you said, "Let's go downstairs and watch
George Clooney-" "If you don't shut up..." he said, "I will shoot the living room television just as surely as I
shot the bedroom television." ."But honey, " you said, "It's the season premiere! Must-See TV! Must-See! Must-See!
Besides, I shot the television." "That's it, " he said, "Kiss those balls goodbye." and he deftly hacked off your
balls with a few quick strokes and stuffed them into your mouth. "Hrnrngrnhhhg!" You said. "Hrnnrghugrgnnnghhrg!"
You said. He said "..." You said "Shut up and let me eat my balls in peace! And will you stop saying 'You said, ' or
'He said, ' in the middle of everything we say? Or I'll cut your fucking balls off next!" To which I replied, Okay,
fuck you. Fuck you both. Take that knife and shove it up your asshole, you ungrateful little shits. I created you, I
formed you out of nothing, like a god, I invented both of you and all you do is fight. I sat down and took the time
to write a nice little story about you two, when I could have been watching ER. Go fuck yourselves! Both of you!
Fuck you-fuck you-fuck you... You give and you give and what's the point? What's the fucking point? I missed the
season premiere and now I'll never know what happened with the ... thing... and the ... thing and the. . . It's all
so useless and hopeless, this is a very bad day. "Hey look, " you said. "I'm sorry. You're right." "I'm sorry too, "
he said. "We're both being very selfish. We didn't realize you were in such pain. Let it out, don't hold back. Let
it out. Tell us all about it." "Yes, " you said. "You can tell us. You can trust us. You can count on us. You can
fuck us and kill us." You really mean it? I said. I can tell you everything? "Of course, " you replied in unison,
and stood there smiling your smarmy fucking smiles. So I killed you, fucked you, and hacked you to bits, and then
I told you everything

<img src="/assets/images/sonicxreader.jpg" alt="sonic kissing you (the reader)" title="sonic xoxo" width="300">
